---
tags:
  - Mini-Essay
---

This is possibility one of the greatest way to learn and also explore something we do not know this maybe because we literally have not explored it yet or we are reluctant to do so. Learning is a great resource but as the famous quote says 

> Once you stop learning, there is the end of life itself

but how is that connected to writing you may ask...

Possibly because the major ways a person can learn is from the 5 scenes and it would make sense to say that for the majority part the brain is involved. What makes the brain sharper or more better suited for learning; it is writing,contemplating,analyzing,and perceiving. These according to me are the major ‘brain enhancing methods’, from these we get aided to do about our day-to-day functions properly and also to its fullest extent. 

One of the many things that often kills our writing habit is ourselves to the major extent, but it has not been the case from the beginning as we had a lot of writing to do at school and that made up for the learning ‘at school’, what about later part of life and how can it be done. Simple, pick up a book and write down the thoughts you got at that exact moment and just move with the flow until you are done or you feel there is no more to write.

There is a lot of power in the activity you just did, and it is phenomenal what our brains can achieve with the help of even the smallest of activities. To break down, when we are thinking we move around form topic to topic like it is a cake walk and after some we mostly forget about the last thought and we may find it difficult it to articulate. But when we actually pen down the thought we get we are supposedly placing an anchor that restricts the moments of your thoughts and it helps in digging deeper and understanding your limits in the given area, you may be a expert or a novice or a complete beginner, it does not matter.

Once the thoughts are written down we actually break down each and every point and also analyze where did it originate?, what made me think that it was correct? and also what was the link that connected me to the topic itself. We have great power but what we do with it makes the difference matters the most, it is like the differentiating the dead star and a bright star. 

With that being said, I think i wrote my essay well but I can never be perfect and also there is always room for improvement. Ending on a high note, let this practice continue. 
